Update readme cert issue (#14)
eclecticiq/intelligence-center-app-qradar: docs/USER-MANUAL.md

![Reference table logs](/docs/assets/reference-table-logs.png)

> User can Verify the data in the reference table. The reference data table app can be downloaded and installed from https://exchange.xforce.ibmcloud.com/hub/extension/074f919060a2f2dea33e365fc0c5e039.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User can Verify the data in the reference table. The Reference Data Management app can be downloaded and installed from https://exchange.xforce.ibmcloud.com/hub/extension/074f919060a2f2dea33e365fc0c5e039.
```

Author: Addressed

	* Click Selected reference table column > value > Submit.
	* Click Select operator > Equals > Submit.
	* Click Selected event property. For example: Destination IP

> 5. More rules can be added to add filter. Locate when the event(s) were detected by one or more of these log sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. More rules can be added to filter the data. For example, Locate when the event(s) were detected by one or more of these log sources.
```

Author: Addressed.

	* Assign values to place holders by clicking on the following underlined parameters:
	Click these log sources > Select a log source and click 'Add' > Submit. This creates rule for matching when events are detected by one or more given log sources.
5. Click Next.
6. Select the checkbox for “Ensure the detected event is part of an offense”
	* Select  ”Index offense based on” according to the fields on rule is created. For example if a rule is created for matching Destination IP select Destination IP. 
	*”Annotate this offense” is optional. User can select and add annotations or text explaining the offense. 
	*”Include detected events by Destination IP from this point forward, in the offense, for ” is also optional. User can mention time interval in seconds to include detected events in offense.
7. Click Finish.

> 8. User can go to Offenses > All Offenses and can View offenses with one of the selected      Option: 	All offsenses

Reviewer: Points from 8  should be separate as it is not part of the same flow. Mention these steps 
```suggestion
To create the sighting once the offense is created by rule,
1. User can go to Offenses > All Offenses and can View offenses with one of the selected      Option: 	All offences...
```

Author: Addressed
